ios local evaluation (#13)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/experiment/sdks/ios-sdk.md

!!!tip "Quick Start"

    The right way to initialize the Experiment SDK depends on whether you use an

>     Amplitude SDK for analytics or a third party (e.g. Segment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Amplitude SDK for analytics or a third party (for example, Segment).
```

            // TODO: Implement exposure tracking
            // analytics.track(name: "$exposure", properties: [
            //     "flag_key": exposure.flagKey,
            //     "variant": exposure.variant,
            //     "experiment_key": exposure.experimentKey
            // ])
        }
    }
    let experiment = Experiment.initialize(
        apiKey: "DEPLOYMENT_KEY",
        config: ExperimentConfigBuilder()
            .exposureTrackingProvider(ExposureTracker())
            .build()
    )
    ```

#### Configuration

The SDK client can be configured once on initialization.

???config "Configuration Options"
    | <div class="big-column">Name</div> | Description | Default Value |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | `debug` | Enable additional debug logging within the SDK. Should be set to false in production builds. | `false` |
    | `fallbackVariant` | The default variant to fall back if a variant for the provided key doesn't exist. | `{}` |
    | `initialVariants` | An initial set of variants to access. This field is valuable for bootstrapping the client SDK with values rendered by the server using server-side rendering (SSR). | `{}` |

>     | `serverZone` | Select the Amplitude dta center to get flags and variants from, `.US` or `.EU` | `.US` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `serverZone` | Select the Amplitude data center to get flags and variants from, `.US` or `.EU` | `.US` |
```
